[{"original_title":"Beverly Hills Cop III","poster_path":"/tw9gAhqQcBFX0X0XfVbWqUsmzoU.jpg","id":306,"release_date":"1994-05-24","overview":"Back in sunny southern California and on the trail of two 
murderers, Axel Foley again teams up with LA cop Billy Rosewood. Soon, they discover that an amusement park is being used as a front for a massive counterfeiting ring – and 
it's run by the same gang that shot Billy's boss."},{"original_title":"Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's 
Apocalypse","poster_path":"/iQLXcATpUxrRdEzxoDqzCgYllnT.jpg","id":4539,"release_date":"1991-11-27","overview":"A chronicle of the production problems — including bad 
weather, actors' health, war near the filming locations, and more — which plagued the filming of Apocalypse Now, increasing costs and nearly destroying the life and career 
of Francis Ford Coppola."},{"original_title":"Heckler","poster_path":"/n3uZEZVlPmgJz3Pnijz94sw69Ao.jpg","id":13611,"release_date":"2007-01-01","overview":"HECKLER is a 
comedic feature documentary exploring the increasingly critical world we live in. After starring in a film that was critically bashed, Jamie Kennedy takes on hecklers and 
critics and ask some interesting questions of people such as George Lucas, Bill Maher, Mike Ditka, Rob Zombie, Howie Mandel and many more. This fast moving, hilarious 
documentary pulls no punches as you see an uncensored look at just how nasty and mean the fight is between those in the spotlight and those in the 
dark."},{"original_title":"From 'Star Wars' to 'Jedi': The Making of a 
Saga","poster_path":"/umP3Q7dRTi22MCbGHBmw1Aeo5IZ.jpg","id":35795,"release_date":"1983-12-03","overview":"From Star Wars to Jedi: The Making of a Saga is a 1983 television 
documentary special that originally aired on PBS. It is a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the original Star Wars trilogy, with particular emphasis on the final film, 
Return of the Jedi. Narrated by actor Mark Hamill, the documentary was written by Richard Schickel who had written the previous television documentaries The Making of Star 
Wars (1977) and SP FX: The Empire Strikes Back (1980)."},{"original_title":"Robot Chicken: Star 
Wars","poster_path":"/kWKspQ7YiQ82xXM1jVbIbqh5OyV.jpg","id":42979,"release_date":"2007-07-17","overview":"Fans of Adult Swim's \"Robot Chicken\" and the Star Wars movie 
franchise won't want to miss this collection of 30 sketches. This hilarious compilation features an array of skits -- such as \"Darth Vader's Collect Call\" and \"Inside the 
AT-AT\" -- as well as the incredible voice talents of Hulk Hogan, Malcolm McDowell, Conan O'Brien and even the original Luke Skywalker himself, Mark 
Hamill."},{"original_title":"The Cutting Edge: The Magic of Movie 
Editing","poster_path":"/oUepcj7iBKirdscldMvYre2pCtX.jpg","id":44345,"release_date":"2004-01-01","overview":"Documentary about the art of film editing. Clips are shown from 
many groundbreaking films with innovative editing styles."},{"original_title":"The Beginning: Making 'Episode 
I'","poster_path":"/rW9HI8iL50RjmQIgyZvlfor5K4Y.jpg","id":65083,"release_date":"2001-02-01","overview":"The entire process of making Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom 
Menace (1999) are shown here in this documentary. From pre-production through post-production we get to see visual effects meetings, John Williams music sessions and even 
the storm that wiped out the pod-racers &amp; props"},{"original_title":"Alien 
Planet","poster_path":"/gh282XtTrhzNQtebr7tAdkX142u.jpg","id":18606,"release_date":"2005-05-14","overview":"The dynamic meeting of solid science and futuristic simulation 
culminates in a dramatic exploration to another inhabited planet seven light years away. Alien Planet creates a realistic depiction of creatures on another world, where life 
is possible, if not provable, according to scientists' theories. Take this fascinating journey created by state-of-the-art animation and photo-realistic 
effects."},{"original_title":"Industrial Light & Magic: Creating the 
Impossible","poster_path":"/8nKLPwABp0d2lyVJPuXcBRtVBhh.jpg","id":51904,"release_date":"2010-11-14","overview":"Leslie Iwerks' documentary takes audiences behind the scenes 
at ILM with in depth interviews with some of the company's top talent and showcases never before seen footage highlighting many of their pioneering milestones. From creating 
the first ever computer generated character in a feature film to the latest advancements in visual effects for film franchises like Transformers and Iron Man, ILM has 
created some of the most memorable movie moments in recent history."},{"original_title":"Within a Minute: The Making of Episode 
III","poster_path":"/fek7DfAJam4TKOF2EkOD13wURxE.jpg","id":72513,"release_date":"2005-11-01","overview":"This documentary offers a glimpse into all the people, departments, 
and work that went into creating the film, specifically, the fight between Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi. Featured on the 2-Disc DVD for Star Wars: Episode III - 
Revenge of the Sith."},{"original_title":"Fog City Mavericks","poster_path":"/nXfyYP6qcg2WNcc0eFr1mZpKRcB.jpg","id":82866,"release_date":"2007-10-24","overview":"Fog City 
Mavericks: The Filmmakers of San Francisco is a compelling exploration of the legendary filmmakers who call the San Francisco Bay Area home including George Lucas, Francis 
Ford Coppola, Clint Eastwood, Chris Columbus and producer Saul Zaentz. The special weaves interviews, commentaries and unforgettable moments from some of the most visionary 
movies ever created such as American Graffiti, the Star Wars film series, the Indiana Jones film series, The Godfather trilogy, Apocalypse Now, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's 
Nest, Amadeus, Toy Story, The Incredibles, Lost in Translation, Flags of Our Fathers and many others. It also features interviews with those who have worked with Bay Area 
mavericks: Steven Spielberg, Michael Douglas, Anthony Minghella, Milos Forman and Frank Darabont."},{"original_title":"The Making of 'Star 
Wars'","poster_path":"/WgsInarGqxj5a33H1oO1IJACDU.jpg","id":72694,"release_date":"1977-09-16","overview":"Ever wonder how they ever managed to make a movie like Star Wars? 
Well, bickering droid duo C-3PO and R2-D2 host this tour of the mind of creator George Lucas and what inspired him to make the movie. Even interviewed are the cast and crew, 
even features scenes of when C-3PO, R2-D2, and Darth Vader planted their footprints (or in R2's case, tread-prints) into cement. Also discussed is Star Wars mania, how fans 
loved the movie, collected the merchandise and danced the disco music. Also shown are behind-the-scenes looks at the movie, as well as how difficult each effect was in doing 
since they didn't have the convenience of computer animation back then."},{"original_title":"Ben-Hur: The Epic That Changed 
Cinema","poster_path":"/2MSnA3QRfZmCYuHyjAl9EiHuAPE.jpg","id":55929,"release_date":"2005-09-13","overview":"Current filmmakers such as Ridley Scott and George Lucas reflect 
on the importance and influence of the epic classic 
\"Ben-Hur\"."},{"original_title":"Kurosawa","poster_path":"/7JFLTShP17J1bvgirSBJhQIQtFK.jpg","id":57024,"release_date":"2000-12-24","overview":"Documentary on film maker 
Akira Kurosawa"},{"original_title":"Hugh Hefner: Playboy, Activist and 
Rebel","poster_path":"/9EuBNMkCTmZh7OlGY22GtGe4Jkv.jpg","id":57409,"release_date":"2009-01-01","overview":"A revealing look at the outspoken, flamboyant founder of the 
Playboy empire. With humor and insight, the film captures Hefner's fierce battles with the government, the religious right and militant feminists. Rare footage and 
compelling interviews with a remarkable who's who of 20th Century American pop culture, present a brilliant and entertaining snapshot of the life of an extraordinary man and 
the controversies that surrounded him."},{"original_title":"The Sci-Fi 
Boys","poster_path":"/fzEBMaUhnKUR74eGWto66clyCup.jpg","id":95758,"release_date":"2006-04-27","overview":"Legendary all-stars of cinema bring to life the evolution of 
science-fiction and special effects films from the wild and funny days of B-movies to blockbusters that have captured the world's imagination. This is the story of the 
Sci-Fi Boys, who started out as kids making amateur movies inspired by Forrest J Ackerman's FAMOUS MONSTERS magazine and grew up to take Hollywood by storm, inventing the 
art and technology for filming anything the mind can dream."},{"original_title":"Side by 
Side","poster_path":"/mW64vqJuz4riqx3GgrlZpthtbmT.jpg","id":110354,"release_date":"2012-08-19","overview":"Since the invention of cinema, the standard format for recording 
moving images has been film. Over the past two decades, a new form of digital filmmaking has emerged, creating a groundbreaking evolution in the medium. Keanu Reeves 
explores the development of cinema and the impact of digital filmmaking via in-depth interviews with Hollywood masters, such as James Cameron, David Fincher, David Lynch, 
Christopher Nolan, Martin Scorsese, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, and many more."},{"original_title":"A Legacy of Filmmakers: The Early Years of American 
Zoetrope","poster_path":"/rjK4x5NCf0n43FAbIkNMdbHcedr.jpg","id":196258,"release_date":"2004-09-14","overview":"A fascinating chronicle of the birth and rise of the radically 
different independent studio founded by director Francis Ford 
Coppola."},{"original_title":"Milius","poster_path":"/dpiIm2rpTNi6XpWnZPFU37D0eWm.jpg","id":173467,"release_date":"2013-03-09","overview":"The life story of ‘Zen Anarchist’ 
filmmaker John Milius, one of the most influential storytellers of his generation."},{"original_title":"Drew: The Man Behind the 
Poster","poster_path":"/sU4JyyNzV9IkmXWuVFwnRAr4sG2.jpg","id":213831,"release_date":"2013-07-19","overview":"A documentary on legendary movie-poster artist Drew 
Struzan."},{"original_title":"George Lucas: Maker of Films","poster_path":"/enJxEdp6awq8cxIPNqE6Vgazl96.jpg","id":219531,"release_date":"1971-04-01","overview":"A biography 
of filmmaker George Lucas."},{"original_title":"Journey Through the 
Labyrinth","poster_path":"/k7kjxszSLT8VG0xwKscdl26PYiv.jpg","id":239071,"release_date":"2007-08-01","overview":"A retrospective look back at Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy film 
'Labyrinth'."},{"original_title":"The First 100 Years: A Celebration of American 
Movies","poster_path":"/pYocJ7JYPLcY5vCMQt6jAPKYG1y.jpg","id":249141,"release_date":"1995-06-05","overview":"HBO documentary about movies"},{"original_title":"Artifact from 
the Future: The Making of 'THX 1138'","poster_path":"/qvWdAQG9YZ6RIa3cCZIcoFOaRRu.jpg","id":255690,"release_date":"2004-08-14","overview":"The Making of feature for the 
George Lucas movie 'THX 1138'."},{"original_title":"Star Wars: The Legacy 
Revealed","poster_path":"/lwbUfngX33wbbUUEbxxFULtPo5R.jpg","id":128295,"release_date":"2007-05-28","overview":"Film-makers and academics discuss the use of mythology in Star 
Wars and the impact of the films on society"},{"original_title":"Joseph Campbell and the Power of 
Myth","poster_path":"/5Gb5vfWBcH74r6hCHPWUdIhkoq5.jpg","id":272837,"release_date":"1988-01-02","overview":"TV mini-series."},{"original_title":"Bald: The Making of 'THX 
1138'","poster_path":"/jJUSFFypgggH9li91oMPkUYy9Ef.jpg","id":285888,"release_date":"1971-03-01","overview":"The film features a conversation between Lucas and Francis Ford 
Coppola, producer of THX 1138. They discuss Lucas' vision for the film, including his ideas about science fiction in general and in particular his concept of the \"used 
future\" which would famously feature in his film Star Wars. Intercut with this discussion is footage shot prior to the start of production of THX 1138 showing several of 
its actors having their heads shaved, a requirement for appearing in the film. In several cases the actors are shown being shaved in a public location. For example, Maggie 
McOmie is shaved outside the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco, while Robert Duvall watches a sporting event as his hair is cut off. Another actor, Marshall Efron, who 
would later play an insane man in the film, cut off his own hair and was filmed doing so in a bathtub."},{"original_title":"A Night at the Movies: George Lucas & The World 
of Fantasy Cinema","poster_path":"/cSZHsqn26v1qdR9zAHgGYv4z18T.jpg","id":306434,"release_date":"2014-11-25","overview":"A Night at the Movies, the ongoing TCM series of 
one-hour \"Film Studies 101\" specials, takes up the subject of \"Fantasy\" in its seventh and latest installment. Once again Laurent Bouzereau has created a documentary 
examining the many different ways that writers and directors have explored a particular genre--in this case, the limitless world of the imagination as portrayed in fantasy 
films."},{"original_title":"The People vs. George Lucas","poster_path":"/AtHiQoLWzbNk5iSJrAoDAf2YTrZ.jpg","id":75311,"release_date":"2010-03-14","overview":"The passion the 
original Star Wars trilogy inspires in its fans is unparalleled; but when it comes to George Lucas himself, many have found their ardor has cooled into a complicated 
love-hate relationship. This hilarious, heartfelt documentary delves deep into Lucas’s cultural legacy, asking all the tough questions. Has Lucas betrayed his masterwork? 
Should he just have left the original trilogy alone? Is The Phantom Menace so bad it should carry a health warning? Utilizing interviews taken from over 600 hours of 
footage, and peppered with extraordinary Star Wars and Indiana Jones recreations lovingly immortalized in song, needlepoint, Lego, claymation, puppets and paper-mâché, above 
all this film asks the question: who truly owns that galaxy far, far away—the man who created it, or the fans who worship 
it?"},{"original_title":"Laddie","poster_path":"/in4tn7sdKX2sqTQ9yfVmuMV9yHu.jpg","id":322525,"release_date":"2017-10-20","overview":"Profile of the producer and former 
studio head of 20th Century Fox in the 1970s, Alan Ladd Jr."},{"original_title":"Indiana Jones: Making the 
Trilogy","poster_path":"/wM4kmOAK73EXT8z84u1twrKNQLd.jpg","id":319600,"release_date":"2003-10-21","overview":"The Making of the Trilogy"},{"original_title":"Hollywood 
between Paranoia and Sci-Fi. The Power of Myth","poster_path":"/hpfECSHalG8QP2PSknblpDwwEju.jpg","id":326591,"release_date":"2011-05-06","overview":"Gives insight into the 
creators mindset and how they culled from real life events to create some of the biggest sci fi films of all time."},{"original_title":"On Set With \"Raiders Of The Lost 
Ark\"","poster_path":"/kSLdkhWsgvCGfVa9I7MwB8vylOh.jpg","id":311033,"release_date":"2012-09-12","overview":"Witness the making of Raiders as it happened with newly revealed 
footage that puts you on the set during production, alongside filmmakers, cast and crew."},{"original_title":"When Star Wars Ruled the 
World","poster_path":"/S66RKnkelkSeqjJwdt0SnrO7L6.jpg","id":358536,"release_date":"2004-09-18","overview":"That time when Star Wars Ruled the World, the cast discuss what 
made it a phenomenon."},{"original_title":"The Making of 'Raiders of the Lost 
Ark'","poster_path":"/mmadnoAht7Gkys8yNJOJgYHnnyc.jpg","id":362198,"release_date":"1981-11-28","overview":"One of the first 'Making of...' movies to become a hit in its own 
right."},{"original_title":"The Visions of Stanley Kubrick","poster_path":"/hlkAyRdDBgSEeRxYfwE64uXKm0N.jpg","id":363353,"release_date":"2007-10-23","overview":"A look at 
the visual design of the film The Shining (1980)."},{"original_title":"Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars 
Trilogy","poster_path":"/nvYb5G5p94dERKNrALKFNSdHS4O.jpg","id":76180,"release_date":"2004-09-12","overview":"Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars Trilogy is a 2004 
documentary film directed by Kevin Burns and narrated by Robert Clotworthy. It documents the making of the original Star Wars trilogy."},{"original_title":"Magician: The 
Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles","poster_path":"/69cThUByc4nk25Gk0MOznjbFpXT.jpg","id":298664,"release_date":"2014-12-12","overview":"Combining extensive filmmaker 
interviews and rare archival footage, Chuck Workman’s documentary takes us through the life of one of cinema’s greatest masters: Orson Welles."},{"original_title":"Star 
Wars: Evolution of the Lightsaber Duel","poster_path":"/wxzsKW1iXyUSzkVuoVnxnRFRP4G.jpg","id":376798,"release_date":"2015-12-15","overview":"Though lightsabers have been a 
force in the Star Wars galaxy since George Lucas’ original film, the weapon’s on-screen presence evolved throughout both cinematic trilogies and into Star Wars: The Force 
Awakens. SportsCenter is tracing the lightsaber’s lineage through the films, and a new trailer for the special will definitely delight any fan’s inner Star Wars 
Kid."},{"original_title":"Face of Unity","poster_path":"/usFdS5pG4r3OH2q9twsll7HvKSJ.jpg","id":377107,"release_date":"2014-01-01","overview":"Face Of Unity is the definitive 
Nelson Mandela documentary feature and first retrospective to be released since the president's death in late 2013. It includes a never before seen speech where Mandela 
outlines the groundwork for peace and reconciliation to future generations. The piece also includes tributes to Nelson Mandela from President Barack Obama, Sam Jackson, Jack 
Nicklaus, George Lucas, Ray Charles, Morgan Freeman, and two former Australian Prime Ministers, among others."},{"original_title":"The Making of 'American 
Graffiti'","poster_path":"/rWOoDICghhR1cPbyPGm4ii6ucTo.jpg","id":393762,"release_date":"1998-09-15","overview":"Documentary that features many interviews and other footage 
of the cast and crew for the film American Graffiti (1973)"},{"original_title":"The Pixar 
Story","poster_path":"/grTFRBxShqEKJwGW75jagfoVIBD.jpg","id":15302,"release_date":"2007-08-28","overview":"A look at the first years of Pixar Animation Studios - from the 
success of \"Toy Story\" and Pixar's promotion of talented people, to the building of its East Bay campus, the company's relationship with Disney, and its remarkable initial 
string of eight hits. The contributions of John Lasseter, Ed Catmull and Steve Jobs are profiled. The decline of two-dimensional animation is chronicled as three-dimensional 
animation rises. Hard work and creativity seem to share the screen in equal proportions."},{"original_title":"The 
Emperor","poster_path":"/7hWVux6SuvllL5EUfdWN3XPPfCV.jpg","id":376317,"release_date":"1967-01-06","overview":"Comments on the background and popularity of disc jockey 
\"Emperor\" Bob Hudson, who bases his shows on the idea that radio is a fantasy."},{"original_title":"The New 
Cinema","poster_path":"/wN8lUSC5VNnQ1ThAnrjpctqmfCK.jpg","id":400639,"release_date":"1968-01-01","overview":"Between the French La Nouvelle Vague and the Italian 
Neorealismo, Europe had been undergoing a continuous cinema transformation since the 1950s, while the ailing American studio system groaned under its own weight and inertia.  
New Hollywood had arrived with Bonnie and Clyde in 1967, and already by 1968 it was changing how Hollywood thought and acted. The student film scene was getting ready to 
explode, and it knew it."},{"original_title":"Hook","poster_path":"/6plGuz8L3fvkuENB0G2ZpBz6kej.jpg","id":879,"release_date":"1991-12-11","overview":"The boy who wasn't 
supposed to grow up—Peter Pan—did just that, becoming a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. But a trip to see Granny Wendy in 
London, where the vengeful Capt. Hook kidnaps Peter's kids and forces Peter to return to Neverland, could lead to a chance at redemption, in this family-oriented fantasy 
from director Steven Spielberg."},{"original_title":"Toy Story at 20: To Infinity and 
Beyond","poster_path":"/3bwzdDafJuj7os2CL9IeHLWxYfX.jpg","id":406122,"release_date":"2015-12-10","overview":"Retrospective looking at the revolutionary computer-animated 
feature film Toy Story."},{"original_title":"A Conversation with The Masters: The Empire Strikes Back 30 Years 
Later","poster_path":"/t2iT8ymvl9IuXci3xHngGOLO48E.jpg","id":377610,"release_date":"2011-09-19","overview":"A Conversation with the Masters: The Empire Strikes Back 30 Years 
Later (2010, Color, Apx. 25 Minutes) – George Lucas, Irvin Kershner, Lawrence Kasdan and John Williams look back on the making of The Empire Strikes Back in this in-depth 
retrospective from Lucasfilm created to help commemorate the 30th anniversary of the movie. The masters discuss and reminisce about one of the most beloved films of all 
time."},{"original_title":"Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the 
Sith","poster_path":"/tgr5Pdy7ehZYBqBkN2K7Q02xgOb.jpg","id":1895,"release_date":"2005-05-19","overview":"Years after the onset of the Clone Wars, the noble Jedi Knights lead 
a massive clone army into a galaxy-wide battle against the Separatists. When the sinister Sith unveil a thousand-year-old plot to rule the galaxy, the Republic crumbles and 
from its ashes rises the evil Galactic Empire. Jedi hero Anakin Skywalker is seduced by the dark side of the Force to become the Emperor's new apprentice – Darth Vader. The 
Jedi are decimated, as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Master Yoda are forced into hiding. The only hope for the galaxy are Anakin's own offspring – the twin children born in 
secrecy who will grow up to become heroes."},{"original_title":"The Harryhausen 
Chronicles","poster_path":"/7LoCeCJTNYMHJb7a4EIXh9Hx6DF.jpg","id":43714,"release_date":"1998-01-27","overview":"As an actor, director and producer, Ray Harryhausen has been 
a vibrant figure in Hollywood, working on everything from family films to mind-bending sci-fi. But his true genius lay in the creation of special effects for movies such as 
Mighty Joe Young and It Came from Outer Space. Narrated by Leonard Nimoy and featuring appearances by George Lucas and Ray Bradbury, this film documents Harryhausen's 
remarkable life's work.(copied from Netflix)"},{"original_title":"A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American 
Movies","poster_path":"/uStoFLc7kfryMgutWs2UlGbIJ01.jpg","id":55676,"release_date":"1995-05-21","overview":"Martin Scorsese celebrates American movies from the silent 
classics to the Hollywood of the Seventies. Films featured include: 'The Searchers', 'Citizen Kane', 'Intolerance' and 'The Crowd'."},{"original_title":"Indiana Jones and 
the Temple of Doom","poster_path":"/f2nTRKk2zGdUTE7tLJ5EGGSuKA6.jpg","id":87,"release_date":"1984-05-23","overview":"After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a 
desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient 
palace."},{"original_title":"Star Warriors","poster_path":"/bPet1aFH0MhXjT3zJYRXGjNOM1U.jpg","id":407001,"release_date":"2011-09-16","overview":"Some Star Wars fa* 
Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
ns want to collect action figures... these fans want to be action figures! A tribute to the 501st Legion, a global organization of Star Wars costume enthusiasts, this 
insightful documentary shows how the super-fan club promotes interest in the films through charity and volunteer work at fundraisers and high-profile special events around 
the world."},{"original_title":"Ralph McQuarrie: Tribute to a 
Master","poster_path":"/msQwsqpfiJ1JL9x2poqUgYJvcOS.jpg","id":443412,"release_date":"2014-03-05","overview":"Ralph McQuarrie, concept artist of the original Star Wars 
trilogy, was essential in bringing the characters, ships, and locales of a galaxy far, far away to life. In this special retrospective, Star Wars creator George Lucas, 
Industrial Light & Magic effects legend Dennis Muren, and many others discuss the impact of McQuarrie, his artistic gifts, and his 
legacy."},{"original_title":"Spielberg","poster_path":"/2AAvIR2PHoxNITgLDOkXXlWLlua.jpg","id":467062,"release_date":"2017-10-05","overview":"A retrospective on the career of 
director Steven Spielberg."},{"original_title":"Clone Wars: Bridging the Saga","poster_path":null,"id":489246,"release_date":"2005-03-22","overview":"A short documentary on 
the making of the Cartoon Network's Clone Wars micro series, specifically the final 5 episodes."},{"original_title":"Martin Scorsese 
Directs","poster_path":"/7blp96fWyLRhTtKJCTCZzAYrTEV.jpg","id":502332,"release_date":"1990-06-16","overview":"Providing behind the scenes footage of the director on set with 
clips from his own films, Martin Scorsese Directs depicts to riveting effect the way Scorsese brings the written story to life on the big screen. Additional interviews with 
the likes of Joe Pesci, Harvey Keitel, Thelma Schoonmaker, the director’s own parents, and others build a perception of Scorsese that not everybody 
knows."},{"original_title":"From Puppets to Pixels: Digital Characters in 'Episode 
II'","poster_path":"/xPv8df5jYFnogXLXm0LvjSJlVJk.jpg","id":435147,"release_date":"2002-11-12","overview":"For Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones (2002), there were 
to be many more visual effects than in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999). This documentary shows many VFX meetings between George Lucas and ILM. Many of these 
meetings focus around the creation of a completely digital Yoda, used for the first time in the Star Wars films."},{"original_title":"Star Wars Bonus 
Material","poster_path":"/gQKnhKUiw6He4UFLCBf54Ae9UyX.jpg","id":512517,"release_date":"2004-01-01","overview":"Bonus material available with the Star Wars Trilogy Boxset in 
2004"},{"original_title":"Criaturas de La guerra de las galaxias","poster_path":null,"id":522640,"release_date":"2006-12-12","overview":""}]
